chore(sdk): enhance sdk documentation (#2221)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: packages/@ama-sdk/schematics/README.md

  For more information related to these types, check out this [documentation](https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/tree/main/packages/%40ama-sdk/schematics/schematics/typescript/shell/templates/base#manage-dates).
  This can be done by adding `--global-property stringifyDate=false` to the generator command or by adding the global property
to the `openapitools.json`.

> - Note that an extra type to manage special timezone uses case can be used at property level thanks to the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Note that an extra type to manage special timezone use cases can be used at property level thanks to the 
```

`x-local-timezone` vendor.

> Please check out the [date documentation](https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/tree/main/packages/%40ama-sdk/schematics/schematics/typescript/shell/templates/base#manage-dates)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please check out the [date documentation](https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/tree/main/packages/%40ama-sdk/schematics/schematics/typescript/shell/templates/base#manage-dates).
```

> - Note that an extra type to manage special timezone uses case can be used at property level thanks to the 
> `x-local-timezone` vendor.
> Please check out the [date documentation](https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/tree/main/packages/%40ama-sdk/schematics/schematics/typescript/shell/templates/base#manage-dates)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> An extra type to manage special timezone use cases can be used at property level thanks to the 
> `x-local-timezone` vendor.
> Please check out the [date documentation](https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/tree/main/packages/%40ama-sdk/schematics/schematics/typescript/shell/templates/base#manage-dates)
```
